# Modman file generated by 'generate-modman'
# app/locale
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/is_IS/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/de_AT/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/ka_GE/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/th_TH/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/da_DK/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/be_BY/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/vi_VN/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/nn_NO/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/sl_SI/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/nb_NO/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/es_VE/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Phoenix_Moneybookers.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Phoenix_Moneybookers.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_ImportExport.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_ImportExport.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_PageCache.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_PageCache.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Centinel.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Centinel.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Captcha.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Captcha.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_CurrencySymbol.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_CurrencySymbol.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Persistent.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Persistent.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_XmlConnect.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_XmlConnect.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Index.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Index.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Authorizenet.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Authorizenet.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Widget.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Widget.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/admin_password_new.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/admin_password_new.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sitemap_generate_warning.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sitemap_generate_warning.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/account_new_confirmation.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/account_new_confirmation.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/password_new.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/password_new.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/newsletter_unsub_success.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/newsletter_unsub_success.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/newsletter_subscr_confirm.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/newsletter_subscr_confirm.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/account_password_reset_confirmation.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/account_password_reset_confirmation.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/product_alert_cron_error.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/product_alert_cron_error.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/admin_password_reset_confirmation.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/admin_password_reset_confirmation.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/token.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/token.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/product_share.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/product_share.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/account_new.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/account_new.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/wishlist_share.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/wishlist_share.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/log_clean_warning.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/log_clean_warning.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/payment_failed.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/payment_failed.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/product_stock_alert.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/product_stock_alert.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/currency_update_warning.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/currency_update_warning.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/moneybookers_activateemail.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/moneybookers_activateemail.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/contact_form.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/contact_form.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/account_new_confirmed.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/account_new_confirmed.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/newsletter_subscr_success.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/newsletter_subscr_success.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/product_price_alert.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/product_price_alert.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/order_new_guest.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/order_new_guest.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/invoice_new_guest.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/invoice_new_guest.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/creditmemo_update_guest.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/creditmemo_update_guest.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/shipment_new_guest.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/shipment_new_guest.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/invoice_update.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/invoice_update.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/invoice_update_guest.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/invoice_update_guest.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/order_new.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/order_new.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/creditmemo_new_guest.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/creditmemo_new_guest.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/order_update_guest.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/order_update_guest.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/creditmemo_new.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/creditmemo_new.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/invoice_new.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/invoice_new.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/shipment_update_guest.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/shipment_update_guest.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/shipment_new.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/shipment_new.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/order_update.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/order_update.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/shipment_update.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/shipment_update.html
app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/creditmemo_update.html            app/locale/ro_RO/template/email/sales/creditmemo_update.html
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Connect.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Connect.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_AmazonPayments.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_AmazonPayments.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Log.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Log.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Oauth.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Oauth.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Compiler.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Compiler.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Api2.csv            app/locale/ro_RO/Mage_Api2.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/gl_ES/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/ru_RU/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/sw_KE/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/es_MX/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/ja_JP/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/cy_GB/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/uk_UA/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/hr_HR/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/sq_AL/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/sv_SE/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Email_Templates.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Email_Templates.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/cs_CZ/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/es_CL/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/fi_FI/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/el_GR/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_ImportExport.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_ImportExport.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_PageCache.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_PageCache.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Centinel.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Centinel.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Captcha.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Captcha.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_CurrencySymbol.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_CurrencySymbol.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Persistent.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Persistent.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_XmlConnect.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_XmlConnect.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Index.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Index.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Authorizenet.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Authorizenet.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Widget.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Widget.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Connect.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Connect.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_AmazonPayments.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_AmazonPayments.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Log.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Log.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Oauth.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Oauth.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Compiler.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Compiler.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Api2.csv            app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Api2.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/es_CO/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/hu_HU/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/es_CR/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/tr_TR/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/af_ZA/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/ko_KR/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/fr_CA/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/ar_EG/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/he_IL/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/lt_LT/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/mk_MK/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/lv_LV/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/pt_BR/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/it_IT/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/hi_IN/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Email_Templates.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Email_Templates.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/sk_SK/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/bg_BG/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/es_AR/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/ms_MY/Mage_Sitemap.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Bundle.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Bundle.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_GiftMessage.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Backup.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Backup.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Api.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Api.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Weee.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Weee.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Strikeiron.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Strikeiron.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Tag.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Tag.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Review.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Review.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Cron.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Cron.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Contacts.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Contacts.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Eav.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Eav.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Wishlist.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Wishlist.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_SalesRule.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_SalesRule.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Media.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Media.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Catalog.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Catalog.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_CatalogRule.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Rating.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Rating.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Dataflow.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Dataflow.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Tax.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Tax.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Rss.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Rss.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Customer.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Customer.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Reports.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Reports.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Cms.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Cms.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Poll.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Poll.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Paypal.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Paypal.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Rule.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Rule.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Shipping.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Shipping.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Newsletter.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Newsletter.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Paygate.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Paygate.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Downloadable.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Downloadable.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Sales.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Sales.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Payment.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Payment.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_ProductAlert.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_AdminNotification.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Page.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Page.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Sendfriend.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Directory.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Directory.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Usa.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Usa.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Adminhtml.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Checkout.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Checkout.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_PaypalUk.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Core.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Core.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_GoogleBase.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Install.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Install.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Sitemap.csv            app/locale/pl_PL/Mage_Sitemap.csv
# app/design
app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/th_TH/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/th_TH/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/vi_VN/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/vi_VN/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/nn_NO/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/nn_NO/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/nb_NO/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/nb_NO/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/es_VE/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/es_VE/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/sw_KE/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/sw_KE/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/cy_GB/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/cy_GB/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/uk_UA/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/uk_UA/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/sv_SE/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/sv_SE/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/tr_TR/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/tr_TR/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/mk_MK/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/mk_MK/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/lv_LV/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/modern/locale/lv_LV/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/th_TH/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/th_TH/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/vi_VN/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/vi_VN/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/nn_NO/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/nn_NO/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/nb_NO/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/nb_NO/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/es_VE/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/es_VE/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/sw_KE/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/sw_KE/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/cy_GB/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/cy_GB/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/uk_UA/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/uk_UA/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/sv_SE/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/sv_SE/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/tr_TR/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/tr_TR/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/mk_MK/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/mk_MK/translate.csv
app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/lv_LV/translate.csv            app/design/frontend/default/default/locale/lv_LV/translate.csv
